TDP-3037 Recording feature (#226)
Bandwidth/bandwidth.github.io: voice/bxml/callbacks/recordComplete.md

{% method %}
##  Record Complete event

> The Record Complete event is sent after a [`<Record>`](../verbs/record.md) verb is executed. Its purpose is to report the record ended.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Record Complete event is sent after a [`<Record>`](../verbs/record.md) verb has executed. It indicates when and why the recording completed.
```

> The Record Complete event is sent after a [`<Record>`](../verbs/record.md) verb has executed. It indicates when and why the recording completed.

Reviewer 2: but they should wait for the RecordingAvailable callback.

### Expected response

```http
HTTP/1.1 200
Content-Type: application/xml; charset=utf-8

<Response>

>     <!-- BXML verbs to process in the call -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <!-- BXML verbs to process now that the <Record> has finished -->
```

| from             | The phone number that made the call, in E.164 format (e.g. +15555555555).                                         |
| direction        | The direction of the call. Either `inbound` or `outbound`. The direction of a call never changes.                 |
| callId           | The call id associated with the event.                                                                            |
| recordingId      | The unique id for this recording.                                                                                 |
| callUrl          | The URL of the call associated with the event.                                                                    |
| mediaUrl         | URL to retrieve the contents of the recording.                                                                    |
| tag              | (optional) The `tag` specified earlier in the call. If no `tag` was specified or it was previously cleared, null. |

{% common %}

#### Example: Record Complete event

```
POST http://[External server URL]
```

```json
{

> 	"eventType":"recordComplete",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	"eventType": "recordComplete",
```

> 	"to":"+15553334444",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	"to": "+15553334444",
```

> 	"from":"+15551112222",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	"from": "+15551112222",
```

> 	"direction":"outbound",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	"direction": "outbound",
```

> 	"callId":"c-95ac8d6e-1a31c52e-b38f-4198-93c1-51633ec68f8d",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	"callId": "c-95ac8d6e-1a31c52e-b38f-4198-93c1-51633ec68f8d",
```

	"recordingId": "r-115da407-e3d9-4ea7-889f-5f4ad7386a80",

> 	"callUrl":"https://voice.bandwidth.com/api/v2/accounts/55555555/calls/c-95ac8d6e-1a31c52e-b38f-4198-93c1-51633ec68f8d",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	"callUrl": "https://voice.bandwidth.com/api/v2/accounts/55555555/calls/c-95ac8d6e-1a31c52e-b38f-4198-93c1-51633ec68f8d",
```

> 	"mediaUrl":"https://voice.bandwidth.com/api/v2/accounts/55555555/calls/c-95ac8d6e-1a31c52e-b38f-4198-93c1-51633ec68f8d/recordings/r-115da407-e3d9-4ea7-889f-5f4ad7386a80/media"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	"mediaUrl": "https://voice.bandwidth.com/api/v2/accounts/55555555/calls/c-95ac8d6e-1a31c52e-b38f-4198-93c1-51633ec68f8d/recordings/r-115da407-e3d9-4ea7-889f-5f4ad7386a80/media"
```

> 	"mediaUrl": "https://voice.bandwidth.com/api/v2/accounts/55555555/calls/c-95ac8d6e-1a31c52e-b38f-4198-93c1-51633ec68f8d/recordings/r-115da407-e3d9-4ea7-889f-5f4ad7386a80/media"

Reviewer 2: this just made me thing that maybe we should put a link to the recordingMetadataUrl in these callbacks.

Reviewer 2: but obviously out of scope for this.

{% method %}
##  Record Complete event

The Record Complete event is sent after a [`<Record>`](../verbs/record.md) verb has executed and the BXML returned by this callback is executed next.

> At a later moment the [Recording Available](recordingAvailable.md) event is sent asynchronously once the recording is available for download.

Reviewer 2: I would say "When the recording is available for download, a Recording Available event will be sent."
